# Django

I created this awesome web app using django where i first created an virtual enviornment and loaded my dependencies and libraries inside that path. I am using VS code for editing my files. I created the django-project in the command prompt using the comment python manage.py startapp django_project which is my main project folder and created many sub folders inside the django-project like media,user,static,templates and blog. By using Django i get many file for whenever i create a folder where i used urls.py, ,views.py and models.py files. I cretead many files for making the content dynamic where any user can post their blog and update whenever they want using django provides authentication where the admin or the user who created that post can delete/update. I created templates folder where i have my html and css codes in the files.by using migration comment i have connected to sql data server where my data is stored in the server so it can be more interactive we can also use postgresql/mysql just need to update on the settings.py file based on what server. In the urls file i have created the web directories/path. It uses the ORM(Object Relational Mapper)concept. in the views.py i created class and function for user to update/create/delete post or any user data.
In the setting file make sure the DEBUG is FALSE while deploying the model. I have used Bootstrap4 which is a standard and efficient existing template which make my site more colorfull. I have used smtp(simple mail transfer protocol)to make the password reset/verification mail and i have cretead two enviornment which contains the mailid and password (two step verification for your google mail id is must if not u can make console insted of smtp).my models.py is going to contain the data related to post of the blog.
